Pardon me?
I said I dislike you
Since I was relieved of my duties
When the idea is reinvented
Our engagement has been annulled
Then why are you still bringing this up now?
Ask the new comrade
How are you so embarrassed?
Why are you embarrassed to leave?
I'm not sorry for you anyway.
We were supposed to be a couple
It's all because of the woman you sent
Almost didn't go down
Our marriage was meant to be between elders
self-made
It's not you, my appointment will be cancelled sooner or later
How can you say that?
Did you forget?
When your father was dying
I begged my old man to say
Do you have to protect your only daughter?
It is inseparable that they used to be a life-long friendship
So my father arranged an engagement for you and me
In case anyone goes
Disturb your life and that of your mother
I know. So what?
We're still engaged, and you agreed
The reason why I agreed to get engaged in the first place
It's because after your father left
I need to protect you and your family
Safely through the toughest time for your family
It's a measure of entitlement
equity plan
Yeah so you told me this later
The devolved reformers broke the engagement
No problem.
We don't owe each other